Adding supply chain attack user stories (#193)
cncf/cnf-wg: user-stories/supply-chain-attacks.md

'Defence in depth' says that we should (a) defend against supply chain attacks but also (b) add mitigations in the case that supply chain attacks happen - that is, we should not assume that a single line of defence will hold.

## A CNF downloads compromised updates

A CNF running on a K8s cluster is downloaded from a centralized registry.  Updates also come from this registry.  The operator installs new images in the centralised repository as they receive them from the CNF developer.

In this case, if the operator ensures that processes in the container will be run as a normal conatiner user without extra rights, the malicious code will have a very limited ability to do dangerous things.  It will be harder for it to try to escalate its privileges, it has no rights outside of the conatiner, it cannot change files within the container that could cause more damage (such as root-owned settings files in /etc).

Thus: limiting the privilege of container processes makes the system safer to use.

## A CNF succumbs to code injection

> As above, a CNF runs malicious code, in this case introduced into the process through a code injection attack on its internal or external interfaces by a bad actor within the operator's organisation or by anyone on the network, respectively).  In this instance, limiting the power wielded by processes in the conatiner again prevents the attack from going further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As above, a CNF runs malicious code, in this case introduced into the process through a code injection attack on its internal or external interfaces by a bad actor within the operator's organisation or by anyone on the network, respectively.  In this instance, limiting the power wielded by processes in the container again prevents the attack from going further.
```

> As above, a CNF runs malicious code, in this case introduced into the process through a code injection attack on its internal or external interfaces by a bad actor within the operator's organisation or by anyone on the network, respectively).  In this instance, limiting the power wielded by processes in the conatiner again prevents the attack from going further.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As above, a CNF runs malicious code, in this case introduced into the process through a code injection attack on its internal or external interfaces by a bad actor within the operator's organisation or by anyone on the network, respectively).  In this instance, limiting the privileges of processes in the conatiner again prevents the attack from going further.
```

Reviewer 3: On the basis that 'privileges' is an overloaded term, per another of your comments, I was trying to avoid it.  This case might be a bit too poetic.  'rights of'?

## A CNF succumbs to malicious instructions

As an example: the configuration of a CNF might allow the operator to determine paths where a log file is written.  If this path is set to a protected file, then the conatiner root user has the rights necessary to overwrite that file.  This could be exploited to change configuration and settings files within the conatiner image and subvert it.

A CNF such as a programmable forwarder might receive rules updates from a central system.  Maliciously crafted rules might cause the process to attempt to do operations within its container that would compromise the container's security.  While it takes a successful attack to get malicious rules into the feed of updates, this means that such an attack can escalate to container control and perhaps further.  This can be limited if the process in the container is an unprivileged process running as a normal user without any capabilities, meaning that it cannot write files owned by other users.

## A CNF has a security-compromising bug

> A CNF unwittingly has a bug where an appropriately crafted packet will write a file at a location on the disk dependent on the packet's content.  This can lead to compromise.  Many possibilities for compromise are prevented if the process in question does not have overarching power to write the filesystem, as is typically available to a container root user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A CNF unwittingly has a bug where an appropriately crafted packet will write a file at a location on the disk dependent on the packet's content.  This can lead to compromise.  Many possibilities for compromise are prevented if the process in question does not have privileges to write in the filesystem, as is typically available to a container root user.
```

> A CNF may also have a bug where it attempts to rewrite settings files that keep the CNF secure (e.g. files containing credentials).  If the file is not owned by the process and the process is not itself a root process it has no power to change those files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A CNF may also have a bug where it attempts to rewrite settings files that keep the CNF secure (e.g. files containing credentials).  If the file is not owned by the process and the process is not itself a root process it has no privilege to change those files.
```

Reviewer 3: 'right'
